[Music]
all right
what kind of thinker are you average or
non-standard in the 20th century two
psychologists Ellis Paul Torrance and
joy Paul Guildford created a unique test
system the system examines both your
intelligence and your creative thinking
we decided to put together a small quiz
for you based on torrents and Guilford's
famous system are you an out-of-the-box
thinker or an ordinary one or maybe like
me you have trouble even finding the box
well we will show you ten pictures all
you have to do is guess what these
images represent don't forget that you
can always stop the video and use some
more time if it's necessary plus you can
have more than one variant for each
picture
there's no correct or incorrect answers
the more things you see the better
picture number one look at this picture
carefully what do you see here you have
ten seconds
[Music]
usually people see a candle on a stand
but in fact it's just a corkscrew stuck
in a cork it wasn't one of my options
personally but did you get it
tell us in the comments picture number
two what is this here's your ten seconds
[Music]
do you think that it's just two
footprints in a circle not so simple a
lot of creative thinkers claim it's a
parachute jumper from the bottom view
well that's a real out of box thinking
right there number three what's this
picture all about try to figure it out
in ten seconds
[Music]
well prepare yourself for an in-depth
answer according to some of the original
thinkers this is a hungry baby bird in a
nest calling for its mother of course
from the above view well to be honest I
saw a simple compass here but let's move
on to our next picture picture number
four pull yourself together
turn on your inner originality and try
to guess what this is can you do this in
10 seconds let's see now if you look
closely you can see not only a couple of
puddles but also a giraffe
well that's sticking your neck out a
part of it in fact that's what outside
of the box thinking is all about
apparently was this one of your options
tell us in the comments below if not you
still have a couple more chances to
unleash your inner creativity picture
number five here's your next picture
look carefully your ten seconds start
now
[Music]
yeah I don't know about you but I'm
really confused I mean it doesn't look
like anything not according to the
creative thinkers though they claim that
here among many other things you can see
a bear climbing down the tree
more specifically only the Bears paws
yeah right
well that was complicated let's try to
redeem ourselves with the next picture
[Music]
picture number 6 your next picture is
this one are you original enough to
figure out what it is here's your 10
seconds did you like me see a car's
wheel good option but if you think about
it it can also be a dancing Mexican guy
wearing a sombrero of course from the
above view picture number 7 this strange
picture is your next challenge what do
you see here your traditional 10 seconds
start now
yeah it looks kind of like a piece of
choice sausage or the impression of a
foot with a high yield on however some
people say that it's a train which
leaves the tunnel of course from the
front view do you see that well that's
some abstract thinking right how about a
picture number eight what is this do you
have more than one option try to guess
in the following 10 seconds now you may
say it's just a man's shirt with a
bowtie on true but if you think about it
from the abstract point of view it could
also be an awkward waiter who got stuck
between elevator doors so we can only
see as tie as he gets squished to death
did you see that one what were your
opinions for this picture
tell us in the comment section below
[Music]
picture number nine now look in this Bay
you have ten seconds to come up with
your variants
[Music]
car enthusiasts will see a speedometer
here physicist claims that it's a
barometer by people with unconventional
thinking often say it's just a snowman
from the above view can you tell if you
like me mostly failed at this test focus
because the last challenge is coming
[Music]
picture number 10 finally last but not
least is this picture right here can you
use your abstract thinking to guess what
it can be hmm let's see it looks like
somebody is hiding behind something
isn't it it's even more fun and
interesting to see this as a couple of
front tiered guards with dogs
hiding behind a barricade of some sort
wow I don't see that at all okay well
our test is over now it's time to find
out the results don't forget that you
can always test yourself with our other
quizzes for example this one only the
smartest ones can figure out the right
answer so don't miss a chance to see
whether you are one of them but back to
what you've been waiting for all along
if for each picture you came up with one
to two options your thought process is
pretty much ordinary the majority of
people think just like you don't worry
though just try to challenge yourself
with different riddles and quizzes more
often this will help you develop
abstract thinking if you didn't take
this test too seriously and went
straight to the answers this gives you a
couple of extra points after all
curiosity is one of the main attributes
of the truly creative mind
[Music]
if you had three to five answers for
each picture plus all these answers are
completely different from one another
and you didn't spend hours coming up
with all of them then congratulations
you're a pure unconventional thinker you
can generate amazingly creative
solutions for any problem and easily
come off with flying colors from any
situation good job if you had six or
more options for every single picture
you're most probably a genius and it's
no joke nothing will be able to resist
your perseverance you don't see any
boundaries and you aren't affected by
typical cliches props to you for having
a brilliant mind and keep rising
so which result did you get tell us in
the comment section below don't forget
to hit the like button and share this
video with all your friends to test
their abilities you can even find more
fun quizzes and tests on our channel so
click subscribe to join us on the bright
side until next time
[Music]